hey guys sportsman this video called the
Nexus X which will be the nexus 6 the
successor to the nexus 5 official
announcement so basically this phone
will be released around Halloween
without an announcement just like Google
always do so it's a big news and it's a
motorola Nexus it is being made by
motorola not LG this time so it's model
number is xt 1100 so and its name is
nexus x which is then again is not
offshore but of course they will not be
using a nexus 6 the name so also Nexus 6
is the reason why I'm calling Nexus is
because it's the 6th Nexus device and
and because it's going to have a 5.9
inch display but regardless of how much
sense in mega will not be using that
name because of some trademark issues
and that's why they are using this new
name called as nexus x or will be going
to use this name Nexus X so in terms of
the release plan that google is planning
a secret launch just like last year and
the Nexus X will be released on or
around Halloween without an announcement
and we will have a good specs and
basically the specs are pretty much
based on the Model S smartphone and you
can check out my channel gotta leave
videos about the model s so Nexus X will
be featuring a 5.9 inch display with 2k
resolution 1440 x 2560 its Snapdragon
805 clock at 2.7 gigahertz 830 may be so
rear camera with optical image
stabilization on the back and a 2.1 very
soft when facing camera for HD recording
so this is these these are the specs of
the Nexus X and its announcement will be
around Halloween so like a secret
announcement you know secret or
unwilling by Google just like last year
so yes thanks for tuning in ll see you
next video peace